hello everyone and welcome to those
areas beautiful kids astrue entities
that our screen is a reflection of our
inner health I'm going to share with you
today a very quick and healthy and
delicious breakfast perfect for busy
on-the-go morning a fruit drink full
with vitamins fiber and antioxidants
smoothies help you increase your intake
of fruit and veggies and is the perfect
drink to throw in additional nutritional
adans as flex seeds or kia seeds you can
use almond milk known for its high
nutritional value or any other milk you
may like
the secret ingredient are the baby
spinach is that you won't be able to
fill the taste but you'll enjoy all its
health benefits and it will add your
smoothie fibers and leafy green
nutrients the fresh mint and the ginger
root will give your smoothie a spicy
kick all these yummy fruit and veggies
will help you naturally boost energy no
healthy way delivering you extra
vitamins minerals and phytochemicals
because it includes foot skins and peas
if you are not yet into smoothies give
them a try you'll get addicted motives
are also a great way to get kids to eat
fruit and veggies not tasting win at all
add ingredients into your high speed
blender and one for 3045 seconds or
until the desired consistency is reached
enjoy this colorful and flavorful yummy
smoothie thank you so much for watching
I hope you enjoyed the video don't
forget to write it down below and to
subscribe the channel I see you next
week with a new tube bye
you